As the inauguration of Donald Trump as the 45th president of the United States approaches,
actor Alec Baldwin said he plans to spoof the incoming president as much as he can.
"I'm gonna do ['Saturday Night Live'] as much as I can," Baldwin told ABC News, "and there's discussions
about other venues we might pursue to further express our gratitude and admiration for the Trump administration."

Meanwhile, Trump himself has been regularly railing against Baldwin's performances on Twitter.

"@NBCNews is bad but Saturday Night Live is the worst of NBC. Not funny, cast is terrible, always a complete hit job.
Really bad television!" the president-elect tweeted on Jan. 15.
Impersonations of politicians are now as de rigueur in politics as talking-head pundits and Gallup polling. Comic Tina Fey won an Emmy for her portrayal of then vice-presidential candidate Sarah Palin on "Saturday Night Live."
And Palin, for her part, actually appeared alongside Fey in one episode, and presidential candidate John McCain appeared alongside his impersonator.)
Because the "SNL" impressions are so common, they're easy to take for granted. But impersonations are an understudied phenomenon,
researchers have said — both in terms of how humans pull them off and how they're interpreted in the end.

"I haven't tested it, and I don't think anyone has," said Erik Bucy, a communications researcher at Texas Tech University who has studied political body language.
"But I think there's a good case to be made that at least in the American television context, this really does improve the image of these public figures much more than it hurts them."

How humans imitate

Humans are naturals at mimicry. Even in their first days of life, newborns cry in patterns that match the melodies of their native tongues, according to 2009 research.
People couldn't learn language without the ability to listen to other people speaking and then contorting their own vocal tracts to make those same sounds, said Carolyn McGettigan, a neuroscientist who studies vocal learning at Royal Holloway, University of London.
McGettigan is one of the few researchers who has examined how people manage, on a neurological level, to do impersonations.
She and her colleagues asked participants to either put on fake accents or to impersonate a specific person, like a celebrity or a friend.
As the participants did these voluntary alterations in their voices, the researchers used  functional magnetic resonance imaging (fMRI) to determine which areas of their brains became more active.
Compared to speaking in a regular voice, altering one's voice was linked to more activation in the left inferior frontal gyrus and the insula, two brain regions known to be involved in speech production.
Trying to imitate a specific person versus doing a more general fake accent lit up part of the temporal lobe in the right hemisphere of the brain, McGettigan and her colleagues reported in the Journal of Cognition in 2013.
